Was looking for a comfortable pair of hiking sandals for short walks around the neighborhood or around a nearby park/lake. First I bought a pair of Keen's as they seem to be the gold standard for this type of shoe. After many attempts to adjust the bungee cords on the Keens for a better fit, they were still extremely stiff (made to last forever under extreme walking and weather conditions, I guess...) and my ankles ached after a short 1 mile walk. I continued my search and came across these Dream Pairs Outdoors Sandals. They were pretty - in a homely kind of way - and had great reviews. After today's arrival, I immediately took them out of the box and put them on. I made no adjustments and walked out the front door for a 1.5 mile walk. There was no stress anywhere and my feet were happy! To be honest, I'm not sure trying to tighten or loosen the bungee cord would really matter, as the loops they are thread through are sewn to the body of the shoe. The elastic of the body of the shoe is kinda fixed. When ordering I looked at the Size Chart and ordered a 9.5 based on their recommendation. I haven't worn a size 9.5 shoe in decades, I'm a true 10 or 10.5 (when available). But I trusted the chart and went for it. My foot is exactly 10.5 inches from toe to heel which in this particular shoe is a 9.5. Measure YOUR foot and order accordingly! The arch support is minimal, but I would live my life never wearing shoes if I could, so lacking arch support really doesn't bother me. The material the shoe is constructed with is fairly soft and did not rub or irritate my feet anywhere! Technically these are fisherman's sandals so they are waterproof. I will be hiking in the Seattle area next month so I won't have to worry about walking through small streams and getting my shoes wet! The foot bed extends noticeably beyond the shoe straps all around the shoe. Interesting design; it gives the shoe a larger footprint and better footing on uneven rocky surfaces. The sole is thick and sturdy, and comfortable against a bare foot on the inside. Fortunately for me, my pinky toes don't pop out the sides, they are supported and protected. Probably the only thing I don't care for is the velcro on the heel strap fits perfectly against itself with no over hang, so it takes an extra moment to separate the two halves for removal. Not a deal breaker by any means, especially for the reasonable price tag. I can buy 3 pairs of these in different colors for the price of one pair of Keens!! Walk Happy and Stay Healthy!!